---
layout: post
title: Slow Down
date: 2024-11-13
tags:
  - general
---
I realise that is has been 53 days since my last post and while I do not have a structured plan for writing these posts, I still intend to write at least one a month. So, the above number did give me a somewhat of a shock. It especially prompted me to sit back and think what happened in the past couple of days. 

If I am being honest... I don't remember.

Sure, there are things I can think of, look back through diary entries and even just consult my calendar. The mind joggling realisation, though, is that nothing in the past 53 days made such an impact that I simply remembered it. That is wild.

While meditating on that for a bit, I troubled myself with many questions around how this could have happened. *Did I not do anything memorable?* That is a simple question with a simple answer, yes. I did many memorable things and many memorable things happened to me. So what was the issue? 

Well... that answer is a bit more complicated and it somewhat lies in the word *many*.

---

When I was a kid, a song that often resonated with me was Sk8er Boi by Avril Lavigne. Those were the good times. These days though, I find myself relating with what Billy Joel felt when he wrote the song Vienna.

> If you have not yet heard of it, do yourself a major favour and listen to it on [Spotify](https://open.spotify.com/track/4U45aEWtQhrm8A5mxPaFZ7?si=9e6870c0865c4010).

The message of the song is simple: Slow down. He talks about being ambitious, and wanting things in life, which is great but it can come at a cost if that ambition is not controlled. The line "Vienna waits for you", refers to your dreams and goals won't disappear, it will be there when you are done. However, not pacing yourself will cause you to burn out and thus not reach them at all. At least, that is how I understand it, and how this [article](https://americansongwriter.com/meaning-vienna-billy-joel-song-lyrics/) explains it.

> _Slow down you're doing fine
> You can't be everything you want to be before your time
> ....
> You’re gonna kick off before you even get halfway through_

I constantly find myself in this loop. I get excited and ambitious thinking about all the things I want to achieve in life and that start stressing about the fact that I am not achieving said things quickly enough, making me miss the point.

There are many sources out there on how to tackle things like this. You have the Slow Growth movement by Matt D'Avella, Atomic Habits, and the whole digital detoxing cult going on. The fact is, I believe many people fall in this trap and I am not surprised. Society has a weird touch on these things which I am not going to get into now.

---

That is exactly what happened the past 53 days. That, and the below things:

1. [Doinfine](https://doinfine.app) has been deregistered. While it is an amazing project, and it won Entelect's Tech Accelerator 2023, I could not get it fit for market and I have decided to stop trying for now. It will stay live since it has some active users but no further development will happen as of now.
2. I got an Apple Magic Keyboard, which is awesome. I am so far enjoying it. It has disappointed me a bit with the lack of Apple's touch when it comes to connectivity, but overall, not a bad keyboard.
3. I am one step closer to Vienna, so that is a win 🎉.


